WIP UPSTREAM <carry>: Rebase code to kfp 2.2.0 (#68)
opendatahub-io/data-science-pipelines: manifests/opendatahub/README.md

1. The cluster needs to be OpenShift 4.9 or higher

> 2. OpenShift Pipelines 1.7.2 or higher needs to be installed on the cluster

Reviewer: IMO we should make it obvious how to install OpenShift Pipeilnes (similarly to how we do for the Open Data Hub below). Perhaps we could simply add this sub-bullet:
```
You can do this by installing the OpenShift Pipelines operator from Operator Hub using the same process as followed below for the Open Data Hub operator.
```

Reviewer: That seems like a reasonable thing to do.

One can certainly argue that this is out of scope for things our team should be documenting, but making this document as idiot proof as possible will make it much easier for future team members/idiots.

Reviewer: Thanks!

> 3. The [oc client](https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/x86_64/clients/ocp/4.11.3/openshift-client-linux.tar.gz) is installed and you are logged into this cluster.

Reviewer 2: nit: link to `latest` instead of a specific version
```suggestion
3. The [oc client](https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/x86_64/clients/ocp/latest/openshift-client-linux.tar.gz) is installed and you are logged into this cluster.
```

    5. Click "Install".  You will be brought to an installation progress page; wait a few minutes for installation to complete.
5. The default installation namespace for Data Science Pipelines is `odh-applications`. If it hasn't already, this namespace will need to be created (via `oc new-project odh-applications`). In case you wish to install in a custom location, create it and update the kfdef as documented below.

### Installation Steps

1. Ensure that the prerequisites are met.
2. Apply the kfdef at [kfctl_openshift_ds-pipelines.yaml](https://github.com/opendatahub-io/odh-manifests/blob/master/kfdef/kfctl_openshift_ds-pipelines.yaml) via `oc apply -n odh-applications -f kfctl_openshift_ds-pipelines.yaml`. 

Note that you may need to update the `namespace` field under `metadata` in case you want to deploy in a namespace that isn't `odh-applications`.

### Accessing the UI
* To find the url for Data Science pipelines, you can run the following command.
    ```bash
    $ oc get route -n <kdef_namespace> ds-pipeline-ui -o jsonpath='{.spec.host}'
    ```
    The value of `<kfdef_namespace>` should match the namespace field of the kfdef that you applied.

>     You may need to append the protocol to the route (ie `https://`), but this can otherwise be pasted into a browser to access the UI

Reviewer 2: nice touch. Chrome will usually think I mean http when I do this and forget.
